###  Hi there!   
Thank you for visiting my GitHub page.   
###  A little about me...
- A Data Analyst with a background in Business Management,  Information Systems & Technology (CAFM), Computer Aided Design & Drafting (CADD) & Building Architecture & LEED Green Building Construction Management.  
- I am passionate about transforming data into stories, informative visuals, and useful tools for all stakeholders.   
- I am a recent graduate of University of Denver, Data Analytics and Visualization Bootcamp where I gained technical programming and analytical skills.  The real-world projects I have completed and posted here in this repository demonstrates my abilities best.    In addition, included is a collaborative group project example, demonstrating the entire Data Analytics process including launching a cloud based interactive Machine Learning Predictor and geo-json  Leaflet application web page. 
- I also earned my M.S.S. Business Graduate degree from University of Denver, & my B.S. from Regis University, which prepared me to successfully manage many types of teams.  I have had the pleasure of participating on many multi-million dollar Real Estate investments Project Teams.  Completed a variety of New Construction, Design, & Operations projects for various Private, Public, and Government Owners.         
- I am a lifelong learner and I want to incorporate more technology into my career path, so I’ve continued to develop my Data Analytics skills through my current daily coding work, classes, and personal projects so I can explore the amazing field of Data Analytics further. 
